README.md, before:

# jpdb-connect-android
Android tool to mine words from the Kanji Study app to jpdb.io

## 🤨 Lore
Lately I've been using my phone / tablet a lot for immersion, using the wonderful [Kanj Study](https://mindtwisted.com/) as my dictionary. I found it a bit of a shame that I couldn't really mine directly from it. So I made an "app" for that.

> I spent 8 hours to do this simple thing help

> I don't know how to make apps

## 🐤 How to use


1. Get your API Key from [the JPDB Settings page](https://jpdb.io/settings)
2. Input it in the app (first input)
3. Select your target deck for mining (It has to be created by you)
4. Select any word in Kanji Study  
   1. "Share example" then select Jpdb Connect Android  
      OR
   2. "Add to Anki" (if you don't have it installed) then select Jpdb Connect Android
   3. When prompted select "always" to make it faster
  
> 👨‍💻 You don't have to start the app to use it every time, just for the initial setup

![screenshot](https://github.com/Dorifor/jpdb-connect-android/assets/28139590/8d45fc75-cb9a-4d33-b134-18b2c52c36d3)

## 🧙‍♂️ Todo  
* [ ] Add indications for fail / success
* [ ] Add FORQ (Please Kou feed us with the API)

Commit message:

Update README.md : Installation instructions

README.md, after:

# jpdb-connect-android
Android tool to mine words from the Kanji Study app to jpdb.io

## 🤨 Lore
Lately I've been using my phone / tablet a lot for immersion, using the wonderful [Kanj Study](https://mindtwisted.com/) as my dictionary. I found it a bit of a shame that I couldn't really mine directly from it. So I made an "app" for that.

> I spent 8 hours to do this simple thing help

> I don't know how to make apps

## 🐉 Installation

1. Get the .apk file from [the latest release](https://github.com/Dorifor/jpdb-connect-android/releases/latest)
2. Install it (You may have to turn on permissions to "install from unknown sources" since it's not from the Play Store)
3. Profit

## 🐤 How to use


1. Get your API Key from [the JPDB Settings page](https://jpdb.io/settings)
2. Input it in the app (first input)
3. Select your target deck for mining (It has to be created by you)
4. Select any word in Kanji Study  
   1. "Share example" then select Jpdb Connect Android  
      OR
   2. "Add to Anki" (if you don't have it installed) then select Jpdb Connect Android
   3. When prompted select "always" to make it faster
  
> 👨‍💻 You don't have to start the app to use it every time, just for the initial setup

![screenshot](https://github.com/Dorifor/jpdb-connect-android/assets/28139590/8d45fc75-cb9a-4d33-b134-18b2c52c36d3)

## 🧙‍♂️ Todo  
* [ ] Add indications for fail / success
* [ ] Add FORQ (Please Kou feed us with the API)
